I really do not like waiting until the last second to do work so I typically try and be proactive in finishing way ahead of time
Tired/exhausted
Often times, I finished all of the available studies and there was nothing for me to do for a block of time.
Some of the research projects were fun so I didn't mind doing them.
Mental health issues 
Other commitments such as a busy week with deadlines and tests from other classes
The main reasons involved my time needed for other coursework, the lack of available studies early on in the semester, and my decision to sometimes hold off studies I've already applied for by a short time (making sure to do them before the deadline of each studies).
Just focus on other work delayed me. It was not really a problem at all, I just began using extra time for studies a few weeks into the semester.
I had other work to worry about from other classes so I was busy with other work from those classes.
Lack of motivation
task too boring
Whenever I had time over the weekend, I promised and forced myself to do at least an hour worth of studies for the research requirement. Additionally, I had a friend who constantly reminded me to do fulfill the requirement. 
I enjoyed doing the research because I was able to participate in research that was most relevant to the subjects in psychology I enjoy the most.
I would probably blame it on the way my mind pushes it to the side by introducing less boring things such as games and social media.
I wanted to get it over with
A habit that I am trying to implement to build character. Plus, this way I can avoid burn out and feel effective most days. 
Probably because I was procrastinating something else or just wanted to pass the time. I also wanted the extra credit so that's another reason.
Stress from other classes
I do have previous experiences of procrastination resulting in the bad outcomes so I learn.
It was not a difficult task, and its completion guaranteed a reward I wanted. In other words, good cost/benefit ratio
For the most part, I had a lot going on with my other classes so I would forget sometime to complete the studies right away. I missed one of them, after that, I decided to put the dates in my calendar and make sure I will complete them which I helped a lot. 
Once signing up for a study I wouldn't always do it immediately and procrastinated for a few days just because I didn't feel like doing it immediately and because of some burn out from all my other work 
I always wait until the last minute to get my work done it is very bad and needs to be fixed.
I had other things to do
I procrastinated a little because I was prioritizing my more time-sensitive schoolwork.
Mostly because I have other classes and I just transfer to a new department.
I had to give my time to more pressing schoolwork/assignments.  
nan
